[doc] Use Rainbond deployment DolphinScheduler Cluster (#10951)
apache/dolphinscheduler: docs/docs/en/guide/installation/rainbond.md

> # Use Rainbond Deployment

Reviewer: Please move `docs/docs/en/guide/installation/rainbond.md` to `docs/docs/en/guide/integration/rainbond.md`. The same with the Chinese docs. Other LGTM.

Author: ok, no problem

> This article describes the one-click deployment of highly available DolphinScheduler clusters through the [Rainbond](https://www.rainbond.com/) cloud native application management platform,This method is suitable for users who don't know much about complex technologies such as Kubernetes,Lowered the threshold for deploying DolphinScheduler in Kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes the one-click deployment of high availability DolphinScheduler clusters through the [Rainbond](https://www.rainbond.com/) cloud native application management platform. This method is suitable for users who don't know much about complex technologies such as `Kubernetes`, lowering the threshold for deploying DolphinScheduler in `Kubernetes` mode.
```

## Prerequisites

> * Available Rainbond cloud native application management platform，Please refer to the documentation [Rainbond Quick install](https://www.rainbond.com/docs/quick-start/quick-install)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Available Rainbond cloud native application management platform is a prerequisite，please refer to the official `Rainbond` documentation [Rainbond Quick install](https://www.rainbond.com/docs/quick-start/quick-install)
```

## DolphinScheduler Cluster One-click Deployment 

> * Docking and accessing the built-in open source app store,Search the keyword `dolphinscheduler` to find App DolphinScheduler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Logging in and accessing the built-in open source app store, search the keyword `dolphinscheduler` to find the DolphinScheduler App.
```

> * Docking and accessing the built-in open source app store,Search the keyword `dolphinscheduler` to find App DolphinScheduler.

Reviewer: May I ask what `docking and accessing the built-in open source app store` means here? Is the app store in `Rainbond`?

Author: > May I ask what `docking and accessing the built-in open source app store` means here? Is the app store in `Rainbond`?

Rainbond app store is saas service,need to register users,so need authorization in builtin open source app store

Reviewer: > > May I ask what `docking and accessing the built-in open source app store` means here? Is the app store in `Rainbond`?
> 
> Rainbond app store is saas service,need to register users,so need authorization in builtin open source app store

I got it. Thx for the explanation : )

![](../../../../img/rainbond/appstore-dolphinscheduler.png)

> * Click install on the right side of DolphinScheduler to go to the installation page,Fill in the corresponding information,Click OK to start the installation,Automatically jump to the application view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Click `install` on the right side of DolphinScheduler to go to the installation page. Fill in the corresponding information and click `OK` to start the installation. You will get automatically redirected to the application view.
```

| Select item  | Description                          |
| ------------ | ------------------------------------ |
| Team name    | user workspace，Isolate by namespace |
| Cluster name | select kubernetes cluster            |
| Select app   | select application                   |
| app version  | select DolphinScheduler version      |

![](../../../../img/rainbond/install-dolphinscheduler.png)

> * Wait a few minutes,DolphinScheduler Installation is complete and running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Wait a few minutes, the installation completes and `DolphinScheduler` will be running.
```

![](../../../../img/rainbond/topology-dolphinscheduler.png)

> * Access DolphinScheduler-API components,The default user password is `admin` / `dolphinscheduler123`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Access DolphinScheduler-API components and the default user credentials are `admin` / `dolphinscheduler123`.
```

![](../../../../img/rainbond/homepage-dolphinscheduler.png)

## API Master Worker Node Telescopic

> DolphinScheduler API、Master、Worker Both support scaling multiple instances,Multiple instances can ensure the high availability of the entire cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DolphinScheduler API、Master、Worker all support scaling multiple instances, ensuring the high availability of the entire service.
```

> Take worker as an example,Enter into the component -> Telescopic,Set the number of instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Take `worker` as an example: enter the `component -> Telescopic` page, and set the number of instances.
```

![](../../../../img/rainbond/dolpscheduler-worker.png)

> Verify Worker Node,Enter DolphinScheduler UI -> Monitoring -> Worker View node information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify `worker` node, enter `DolphinScheduler UI -> Monitoring -> Worker` page to view detailed node information.
```

![](../../../../img/rainbond/monitor-dolphinscheduler.png)
## Configuration file

> API and Worker Service sharing `/opt/dolphinscheduler/conf/common.properties` ,To modify the configuration, you only need to modify the configuration file of the API service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API and Worker Services share the configuration file `/opt/dolphinscheduler/conf/common.properties`. To modify the configurations, you only need to modify that of the API service.
```

## How to support Python 3？

> Worker service is installed by default Python3，You can add environment variables when you use them `PYTHON_HOME=/usr/bin/python3`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Worker service is installed with default `Python3`，you can add environment variables `PYTHON_HOME=/usr/bin/python3`
```

## How to support Hadoop, Spark, DataX ？

> Take Datax as an example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Take `DataX` as an example:
```

1. Install the plugin。Rainbond Team View -> Plugin -> Install plugin from the App Store -> search `initialization plugin` Install.

> 2. Open plugin.enter Worker component -> plugin -> open `initialization plugin` And modify the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Open plugin.enter Worker component -> plugin -> open `initialization plugin` and modify the configuration.
```

   * FILE_URL：http://datax-opensource.oss-cn-hangzhou.aliyuncs.com/datax.tar.gz
   * FILE_PATH：/opt/soft
   * LOCK_PATH：/opt/soft

> 3. Update component,The initialization plug-in will be downloaded automatically `Datax` and decompress to `/opt/soft`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Update component, the plug-in `Datax` will be downloaded automatically and decompress to `/opt/soft`
```

# Use Rainbond Deployment

This article describes the one-click deployment of highly available DolphinScheduler clusters through the [Rainbond](https://www.rainbond.com/) cloud native application management platform,This method is suitable for users who don't know much about complex technologies such as Kubernetes,Lowered the threshold for deploying DolphinScheduler in Kubernetes.

## Prerequisites

* Available Rainbond cloud native application management platform，Please refer to the documentation [Rainbond Quick install](https://www.rainbond.com/docs/quick-start/quick-install)

## DolphinScheduler Cluster One-click Deployment 

> * Docking and accessing the built-in open source app store,Search the keyword `dolp` to find App DolphinScheduler.

Reviewer 2: maybe we should directly tell the user search the keyword `dolphinscheduler` instead of part of it
```suggestion
* Docking and accessing the built-in open source app store,Search the keyword `dolphinScheduler` to find App DolphinScheduler.
```

> ![](https://static.goodrain.com/wechat/dolphinscheduler/1.png)

Reviewer 2: can you add this img to our `img` directory? we need to hold those images instead of using extracting link

Author: No problem

![](https://static.goodrain.com/wechat/dolphinscheduler/4.png)

## API Master Worker Node Telescopic

DolphinScheduler API、Master、Worker Both support scaling multiple instances,Multiple instances can ensure the high availability of the entire cluster.

Take worker as an example,Enter into the component -> Telescopic,Set the number of instances.

![](https://static.goodrain.com/wechat/dolphinscheduler/5.png)

Verify Worker Node,Enter DolphinScheduler UI -> Monitoring -> Worker View node information.

![](https://static.goodrain.com/wechat/dolphinscheduler/6.png)

## Configuration file

API and Worker Service sharing `/opt/dolphinscheduler/conf/common.properties` ,To modify the configuration, you only need to modify the configuration file of the API service.

## How to support Python 3？

Worker service is installed by default Python3，You can add environment variables when you use them `PYTHON_HOME=/usr/bin/python3`

## How to support Hadoop, Spark, DataX ？

Take Datax as an example:

1. Install the plugin。Rainbond Team View -> Plugin -> Install plugin from the App Store -> search `通用数据初始化插件` Install.

> 2. Open plugin.enter Worker component -> plugin -> open `通用数据初始化插件` And modify the configuration.

Reviewer 2: I found out in rainbond, we do not have English version of it interface. but in English we still need to translate it to English

Author: This is indeed a deficiency of the product,no english ui

Author: `通用数据初始化插件` In the doc, I changed it from Chinese to English.

   * FILE_URL：http://datax-opensource.oss-cn-hangzhou.aliyuncs.com/datax.tar.gz
   * FILE_PATH：/opt/soft
   * LOCK_PATH：/opt/soft
3. Update component,The initialization plug-in will be downloaded automatically `Datax` and decompress to `/opt/soft`
![](https://static.goodrain.com/wechat/dolphinscheduler/7.png)

> 
> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

---

> 
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```
